#JavaScript Simon Game
#### "Simon is an electronic game of short-term memory skill invented by Ralph H. Baer and Howard J. Morrison, working for toy design firm  Marvin Glass and Associates, with software programming by Lenny Cope. The device creates a series of tones and lights and requires a user to repeat the sequence. --Wikipedia"

- Start the program by waiting for the user to press any random button to start the game.
- There is an **Event Listener** waiting for the first key to be pressed to trigger the start of the game, and output "Game On!" on the screen.
- Once a random key is pressed the **serveBtn** function runs, selecting a random button color to flash. The flash is generated by CSS and setTimeout method to fade in and out quickly, indicating which button is expected to be clicked next.
- When the correct button is initially selected, **audio** is played that coincides with the color selected. 
- The user is told on the **DOM** to keep going and to click the flashing buttons in order.
- After each button is selected, it is **pushed** into the **sequence** array so we can track the colors that have come out.
- Added another **Event Listener** on each button color waiting for them to be clicked which corresponds with the color coming from the **serveBtn** function.
- As clicks happen, we update the number of clicks on the DOM.
- Once the user clicks the wrong color, **Cat sound**  audio is played, and the phrase "Game Over! Press any key to play again." is displayed. The sequence is reset, and the program will wait for the user to press a key to start a new game!